Israeli Medias say there's been progress
in talks involving Israel the US Egypt
and Qatar that took place in Paris let's
find out more with hamda salut who's
live for us from Tel Aviv what more are
you hearing about this
hamda well the Israeli delegation came
back with what they're calling cautious
optimism about potentially reaching a
deal that would involve a pause in the
fighting for around 6 weeks according to
Israeli media now this delegation was
sent after immense pressure from the
Americans to go back to the negotiating
table and see what consessions can be
given up in order to secure a deal now
that delegation was headed by the head
of Israel's shinb bet and the head of
Israel's mosad these are the internal
and external security agencies once they
returned from Paris tonight they are
going to present their findings what
they're calling an outline for the deal
to Israel's war cap cabinet where it
will then be presented to The Wider
cabinet while there are still a lot of
gaps to be filled still a lot of
sticking points they're saying that it
is moving in a positive direction
because they now have this framework for
how the deal can be achieved we're
talking about a deal that potentially
would see the release of 40 Israeli
captives from Gaza in exchange for
hundreds of Palestinian prisoners and
around a six week pause in the fighting
again these are all preliminary details
reported in Israeli media but it seems
that there are positive signs about
getting to a deal yeah so cautious
optimism about these uh talks to end the
outcome more protests in Tel Aviv
meanwhile this Saturday hamda tell us
about what we can
expect we're expecting two different
demonstrations one right here behind me
in what's become known as hostage Square
were families of Israeli captives
currently held in Gaza for the 20th week
in a row will come here to call on the
Israeli government to do more to secure
the release of their loved ones now
simultaneously right across the street
outside of Israel's defense Ministry
known as the Kida the second week of
anti-government demonstrations to be
coming out in full force against the
Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin
Netanyahu and his right-wing government
for their policies that have not seen a
deal framework to bring back the
remaining Israeli captives when we
talked to demonstrators last week they
said they were fed up with the
government fed up with their policies
and that they need to be giving up more
concessions in order to secure a deal so
at some point in the evening the two
demonstrations will converge into one
larger protest calling for the release
of the remaining Israeli captives hamda
thank you very much for that of course
we'll be following those protests with
you throughout the evening here on Al
jazer Hamra Sal Hood live there in tviv